line-index: Create README.md (#16302)
rust-lang/rust-analyzer: lib/line-index/README.md

# line-index

> This crate is developped as part of `rust-analyzer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This crate is developed as part of `rust-analyzer`.
```

> line-index is a library to convert between text offset and its corresponding line/column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
line-index is a library to convert between text offsets and corresponding line/column coordinates.
```

## Installation

To add this crate to a project simply run `cargo add line-index`.

## Usage

> The main structure is `LineIndex`. It is constructed with an utf-8 text then various utility functions can be used on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main structure is `LineIndex`.

It is constructed with an UTF-8 string, but also supports UTF-16 and UTF-32 offsets.
```

### Example

```rust
use line_index::LineIndex;

let line_index = LineIndex::new("This is a\nmulti-line\ntext.");
line_index.line_col(3.into()); // LineCol { line: 0, col: 3 }
line_index.line_col(13.into()); // LineCol { line: 1, col: 3 }
line_index.offset(LineCol { line: 2, col: 3 }); // Some (24)
```

## SemVer

> This crate follows [semver principles]([url](https://semver.org/)https://semver.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This crate uses [semver](https://semver.org/) versioning.
```
